ok welcome everybody to you lemme weekly
inspiration for success we are live on
air i'm mark isaacson and I'm your host
and I am nursing a cold today as you can
hear a horrible worst road I'll do the
best that I can do teach our new to me
if you're curious you can find my
courses I put the link in there I've
been teaching for just under a year now
and I'm still figuring things out and
making my fair share of mistakes and so
I really do enjoy doing these weekly
chats cause I get a chance to learn as
much as I love you get to learn they
replay will be available later on at the
link I just posted in the window there
so you can feel free to check it out
there
marguerite has made some discount
coupons available and they are loaded up
on the site there you can ask your
questions as we go along we'll get to
them at the end so without further ado
i'd like to introduce my guest today
marguerite is a photographer and photo
teacher she has three courses on you to
me and is working towards finishing the
fourth one and just as a matter of fact
I did look at her profile and the 420
actually i think is is sitting out there
I just don't know whether it's approved
as the approval process but she's very
close to finishing her she teaches a
baby photography course of food
photography
food photography course for the
smartphone camera and an introduction to
photography class sold around to talking
to you about some of those classes from
but one of the big things are going to
be talking about today some of the other
things that marguerite does in her she's
using you to me to help her with those
things and some of the other benefits
that she's getting
out of traveling this journey so it's
not all about the classes that she has
published her waiting to published right
now if there's other things as well that
make this a worthwhile endeavor so
welcome to the show
marguerite what else would you like to
add to your introduction or just repeat
in case my voice is just a horse right
now is really quite good
no I think it did a great job into this
thing I am that's exactly what I do
right now I have a past life that I used
to be a stockbroker and Brazil but
that's so long ago that you know and it
was so there it is and so I look at
these courses I started looking at these
courses as a great way to share
information I thought that you did he
was very interested platform it's also I
think it's one of the easiest ones to
upload into work with did you find that
all troops tried and the other ones but
I think it is very user-friendly it
since I was just contacted by another
platform
the other day I've been contacted by a
number of different platforms but I
actually when I spoke with this one the
other day I said ok well it seems like
what you're proposing is reasonable I'm
willing to check it out and in fact I
uploaded one of my video lectures in the
audio is not playing on it so already
the experience with this is already
giving me problems so based on that
experience I would agree that I think
you to meet interfaces pretty nice
pretty easy to use
yeah yeah I thought it was I think they
work well with and they're working very
hard with everything they're so you
mentioned the past life and I hear you
there cuz I had a number of past lives
as well before coming to you when I
think it's interesting to hear about
some of the past life just getting the
back story so let's just gloss over that
you know tremendous detail about all of
the trade you made and all of your gains
and losses but do tell us about your
past life because it does kind of play
in to do
some of your experience in the things
that you feel that you're you're getting
out of this so you were in another
country actually in you were working as
a stockbroker and tell people a little
bit about the kind of environment that
you were in there when you were working
as a stockbroker well it was very
different from what it is now at this
because and I'm going to really ancient
but we had one computer in one room for
about 20 people so first of all it was a
lot more fun because everybody was
together and you had to be you know a
little bit fending with each other and
and you're all sharing this one computer
and so everybody shared each other's
issues problems and helped each other
because that's how you have to do it and
I was a little bit surprised when I came
here to the states and I went looking at
the different brokerage firms banking
interesting places like that and
everybody had this little cubicle and
one computer and no one to talk to each
other and I thought I would never
survive this cause I was used to this
group thing I'm not a group first and by
the way but it was so much more fun and
so coming from you know I thought you
know it's such a different world I I
really thought no this is not what I'm
going to do so that's when I decided to
go back to school to study what I really
wanted which was right and so it's
interesting that you came to an
environment where actually the
technology was better for you you had
more accessible to you but you didn't
feel like it was as good a fit for you
in so you decided to make the change and
go into pursuing your passion for
photography so go ahead and tell us a
little bit more about that going back to
school and the types of things that you
did in school and in how this life
change how to play it out for you the
first School of Visual Arts in New York
and I thought there's something wrong
with the school cuz they let me in
pretty quickly
and stuff it easier to stay but it's a
really wonderful school I did my first
year there and then I moved to Miami
which I kind of regret because really is
a fantastic school you know and I learnt
a lot there and the thing is to have
access to all this other stuff you know
all these museums all these shows and
then you need all this other
photographers there's a whole cultural
world there that when I moved to Miami I
didn't get but I did have had the beach
you know it's kind of nice and I finish
my education here and then I got after
two years of working around I got a full
scholarship to do that masters Master of
Fine Arts at the University of Miami and
that was to get a really wonderful cause
I spent three years just doing photo
projects and getting paid for it i mean
you know I didn't it was a whole nother
world again absolutely wonderful and
that's when I started being more and
more interested in teaching I got a
little bit of a taste for it and and
then when I finish school I was teaching
but driving around all over and I
thought this is this is a tough one
yeah so I spent much more time in the
car than I did actual teaching so I
started teaching online what you are
doing
adjunct faculty that is that why you
were driving all over the yeah I was
saddened that treat different
universities and it was created there
was one that was about two hours away
and I thought ok now I'm overdoing it
I'm really you know this is a need to
rethink this again so what i think is
really interesting is how life is just a
whole bunch of reinventing rethinking
and trying to adjust what time I was
asked to talk in front of a whole bunch
of students to tell them about my
experience and I think they wanted me to
tell you know and then I left school and
I got this job and I said well and then
I said I did that and I did that they
were kind of looking at me horrified but
the truth is I had to reinvent myself in
and fit in and create different things
like this change you don't get one shot
now for thirty years
ears I think so right now you are still
in involved in that process of
reinventing yourself you're coming to
you to me and you're working to teach
classes and we'll talk about that
experience a little bit more and so for
those who are paying attention you kinda
notice where margarita sitting right now
and she's got these laps behind her and
she talked about those a little bit more
cuz their place in this whole
reinvention that she's going through in
the experience that she had with us so
you had an interest in teaching and you
realize that the adjunct teaching wasn't
working that Walker's you're spending so
much time travelling ya in so you
thought about doing some online teaching
as you to me the first platform that you
came to to pursue 2009 teaching no I
think they are disgusted online and I
teach the business of photography at
each portrait photography and will not
be used to teach the introduction course
but not anymore so that was really the
first time I started teaching and I
thought this is kind of interesting and
so then I started looking for different
platforms where I could develop this and
and work more on it and did you the idea
when you were looking at these other
platforms were you hoping that platform
was gonna give you a means to a full
time income you know I to tell you the
truth I would love that of course and
and I think then something completely
different comes into play and thank you
and then I started thinking you know how
am I gonna do this because with the
artist sister I have a few classes a
year and and I don't have to worry about
well I don't have to worry too much
about it and with this a lot of
marketing consent to play now we're
talking about a whole different world
that I didn't know I'm learning but I
didn't know
a lot about and so then how to how to
place myself as an online teacher and
they're all these different things
learning about social media something
that Wallace played around with but I
didn't realize that I was just going
whoa and you know I have to read just
what they say broadcasting and I was
marketing it so now I'm actually a bunch
of course these are new to me to learn
more about that that's what I love about
you because you have access to some
doing a little selfish you have access
to so many things and you can really
reinvent yourself right there which is
quite fabulous but it was so that's what
I'm working on now trying to see how I
came at least 50% of my could come with
their site I'm gonna figure it out